# IT Tools in Big Data project repository.

Submitted by:

Ajinkya Chandrayan,   Gaurav Remaniche


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Project Directories

* Aggregate_Tables_Data :

This folder contains the  data downloaded from the final aggrigate tables in csv files:

+ Customer

+ Product

+ Weather


* Daily_Data_Stage  : 

This directory holds the daily data feed for :-

i.   Catalogue
ii.  Customer
iii. Order
iv.  Product_Reference


* Daily_Weather_Stage :

This directory holds the daily weather data feed generated by python script.


* Data_Archive :

This directory archives the daily data.

i.   Catalogue
ii.  Customer
iii. Order
iv.  Product_Reference
v.   weather_forecast


* Static_Data :

This directory stages the static data.

i.   departement_code_nom
ii.  departments_lat_log
iii. Variant


* Weather_Forecast_Script :

This directory contains the python script to pull the weather forecast data per commune.
 
i.  forecast_io_get_daily_weather_data
ii. postalcode_lat_log


* Hive_Scripts :

This directory holds the hive query scripts for :

+ First Time Run
   - This folder contains Hive scripts that needs to be run at the first time of system setup.
+ Daily Run
   - This folder contains Hive scripts to be executed daily.

* Automation First Run :

This shell script automates the first system setup - right fom data procurement to data archiving.

* Automation Daily Run :

This shell script automates the daily system processes - right fom data procurement to data archiving.

* Data Warehouse Layout :

This spreadsheet contains the data warehouse layout - giving details of the staging tables, intermediate tables and aggrigate tables.

* System Architecture :

This image explains the system architecture and data flow.


